ah yes mark we gotta get out of here now
why I lost a lot of money why cuz i
found out i'm a bad poker player why
your Thicke's hates me why shit are you
Joe gilham I you all Lucas costella a
lot of money you're coming back to
verrah with us red trip
this road trip stinks shut up so you
guys owe me money why jedit freak sorry
he's a freak hey shut up instead of
killing you guys you're gonna work for
me there is a snitch that needs taking
care of it I want you both to whack him
you'll find on an edge ville okay we can
get the jab dan I want a cool uniform Oh
fine take these two uniforms and wear
them yes report back to me when you guys
are done what are you doing hey you with
the face may yeah are you the guy we're
supposed to be whacking yes plays I
guess this is ham when I cam ok liar we
whacked him a gaze let's go
so he won't be a problem again now we
whacked him pretty hard he was whacking
himself before we got there that's good
I guess anyways I need a package
delivered to a friend it's very
poisonous so do not eat it I'm giving it
to you because your friend might kill
himself I understand hey shut up and go
do it I guess this is the place unwrap
this package and give it to them
whatever oh it's pie wait this is the
wrong house hello anyone there and what
is ever there where are you oh my god
they family again oh my god okay sees
the house my and I'm hungry here have
some pie thanks young hang on young hey
sway your where'd you get these found it
wait no
uh-oh he's dead wait there's more pie oh
god it's you
eat me baby one more time shut up take
the freaking pie I only eat babies
where's your friend he ate the pie what
I told him not to guess he's too stupid
did my friend get some of that pie yes
stop it here take these is explosives ah
don't get any ideas take it to the blue
moon in and blow it okie dokie
guess this is the place oh my god
ah
you
ok the bomb is set aha I'm here to the
ball aha
Oh
where am I
i I'm Sam rack uh welcome to hell will
be boned by me for eternity so um so
bend down let's get started
I can ride my bike with no handlebars no
handlebars no handlebars I can ride my
bike with no handlebars no handlebars
dole handlebars look at me look at me
hands in the air like it's good to be
alive but I'm a famous rap or even when
the pastor Walker caddy I can show you